improve description of version field in traceresponse header (#512)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/21-http_response_header_format.md

#### version

``` abnf
version         = 2HEXDIGLC   ; this document assumes version 00. Version ff is forbidden
```

> Version (`version`) is an 8-bit unsigned integer value, serialized as an ASCII string with two characters. Version 255 (`"ff"`) is invalid. This specification assumes the version is set to 0 (`"00"`).

Reviewer: Do we "assume" version is set to 00 or do we require it? We can keep the existing wording if it is easier but I think something like this is more accurate.

```suggestion
Version (`version`) is an 8-bit unsigned integer value, serialized as an ASCII string with two characters. Version 255 (`"ff"`) is invalid. This document specifies version 0 (`"00"`) of the traceparent header.
```

Author: Good point. This section is about the `traceresponse` header though. I'll fix that in a follow up commit.

Author: (For context, this is not yet the backport to level-2, I just ported the changes for traceparent also to the same fields for traceparent.)

Author: For the record, I commited this change and then rewrote the commit to say of the `traceresponse` header.
